We desperately need
more personnel.
You said it.
[SOUMA]
Like Roroa, for example,
who's got an extraordinary
sense of economics.
Agreed.
But at the end of
the day, you can't run
the kingdom's finances all
by yourself, can you?
That much is true.
Despite my strengths,
I need employees and
personnel who are able
to do math.
So they should have
some math skills,
and the ability to read
and write as well.
It pains me to report
the literacy rate among
citizens is quite low.
Those who can do arithmetic,
if you exclude the
nobility and the knights,
often end up becoming merchants.
[SOUMA] I couldn't have
said it better, Juna.
[LISCIA] Well then, why don't
we try recruiting from
everyday people?
[SOUMA] When it comes to
appointing skilled workers
that're above and beyond,
countries that can
concentrate money and power
have an advantage.
For us, it'll be
a tougher process.
Almost like finding
a needle in a haystack.
So, what do we do instead?
We try to find skilled
individuals in neighboring
countries, as well
as the other plan.
What other plan?
[NARRATOR]
Slavery.
Never has there been a greater
violation of mankind's rights.
A person owning another
without recognizing
their humanity.
Regarding them as
property to buy and sell.
Even the great philosopher
Aristotle once defended
the practice,
calling them "living tools,"
but the system should
have never been adopted.
Sadly, however, the
practice is alive and well
on the supercontinent of Landia.
Unfortunately, the
Kingdom of Friedonia
was no exception to the rule.
Although, some are enslaved
as punishment for their crimes,
the vast majority had
no other choice but to
sell themselves due to poverty.
If their masters permitted it,
they could eventually be freed.
And physical or sexual abuse
was strictly forbidden.
However, there were
still many female slaves
who were violated,
and many male slaves
who ended up being
worked to death.
Which brings us to an
unassuming slave trader
by the name of Ginger Camus.
As you know, my grandpa
has recently died,
which means I have
inherited all of you.
Oh, right.
My name is Camus.
Um... may I ask the reason why
you're all acting so frightened?
[SAN]
You don't know, Shopmaster?
I'll explain.
You're a mystic tanuki, right?
A raccoon person.
If you're curious, the
difference is with the tail.
Mystic tanukis don't
have any stripes,
while we raccoon people
have an elegant pattern.
And what's your name?
Please forgive my rudeness.
Call me Sandria, the slave.
[CAMUS]
How about "San" for short?
Oh. Of course.
Pleased to meet you.
The pleasure's mine, Shopmaster.
So, San, can you tell me...
...why everybody here
looks so gloomy?
[SAN] Because we're mourning
the passing of your grandfather.
[CAMUS] You're grieving his
death even though you were
his slaves?
[SAN] Yes, I'll admit we
are feeling some sadness.
How to put this...
Compared to other slave traders,
your grandfather treated us
with dignity.
Is that right?
He made sure we
had clothes to wear,
provided enough food for us.
Which is quite the rarity
when it comes to traders.
I never knew.
It's obvious I know nothing
at all about the slave trade.
That's quite all right.
I assumed you didn't.
Before your grandfather died,
he said that you would
probably be unable to
take over his business.
That this kind of work
would be too much
for his gentle grandson.
[CAMUS]
Grandpa saw right through me.
I don't want any of
his remaining slaves.
I would rather sell them off
and begin some other business.
Have a fresh start.
At least, I thought I did.
Something wrong?
No. I'm sorry.
I was just thinking
about my grandpa.
If you don't end up taking
over the business,
we'll just be sold off to
some other slave trader.
But no single one will take a
group with this many slaves.
Which means we're
going to be split up.
So that's why your grandfather's
passing's a reason
for us to mourn.
Shopmaster?
[CAMUS]
What is this?
[SAN] It was presumptuous for
a slave like me to offer
my opinion.
I would like you to
punish me for it now.
That's insane!
[SAN]
It's all right.
That whip is specially made so
it doesn't leave any marks
on the body and won't
diminish my value
when you sell me.
That is not what I'm
talking about, San!
If you knew you're
going to be punished,
why'd you even give
me your opinion?
[SAN] Because I was hoping
once you close up shop,
you might show us the
slightest bit of mercy.
That somehow,
you might find owners
who'll let families
stay together.
So does that mean you have
family members here, as well?
You really care that
much about the others.
I understand your
situation clearly now.
That being said,
I don't intend to keep
running this business.
However,
I'll do my best while you're
under my protection.
Naturally, I'll refuse to sell
any of you to malicious buyers.
So I'll take it upon myself to
carefully scrutinize them first.
I hope you can forgive me.
I needed some help
carrying all my sundries.
It's wasteful to show
concern for a slave.
Please order me to
do whatever you wish.
Master Ginger, if I may
ask you a question.
Why are you making
sure to provide food
and new clothing
for your slaves?
Especially when selling us
off is just on the horizon.
What would you think
was taken better care of?
Something clean or something
that looked to be
in bad shape?
You're asking me?
Well, I suppose it would be
whichever was kept cleaner.
It's the same general idea.
I want the slaves taken care of.
You see?
If potential buyers are looking
for someone as disposable labor,
they're likely to stay away.
All right, everyone.
Let's review our multiplication
tables of threes.
Ready, go!
[SLAVES]
Three times one is three.
Three times two is six.
Three times three is nine.
Excuse me, but why is everybody
here practicing mathematics?
I'm glad you're back,
and you brought
what I'd asked for.
Yes, right here.
[CAMUS] Now I can teach
everyone to read and write.
So you're teaching us math
and you're also going
out of your way to make
sure we slaves are literate?
Well, I've been
doing some thinking.
Even tools get taken
better care of if they have
some added value to them, right?
So I started asking
myself how could I give
additional worth when it
came to another person,
and I thought,
"what about an education?"
[SAN] That is true, but
there are a limited number
of people who will
buy a schooled slave.
If they remain unsold,
or do wind up getting
sold into manual labor,
I don't quite see the point.
There's a chance
that you're right,
but as you know, I have
no plans on continuing
to run this business.
So I figured that the best
way to move forward
is to find decent buyers
for everybody here.
Well. Would you like me
to teach you, too?
[SAN]
That's all right.
My family ran their own store.
I can already read,
write, and do math.
Um, San...
If you don't mind me asking you,
how did you end up
becoming a slave?
A shopkeeper was tricked
into taking on a debt
by someone.
In order to save his
family and store,
he had no choice but to auction
off one of his daughters.
That's all there is.
You make it sound routine.
It's actually a
very common tale.
The truth is
this misery can sprout
up wherever you go.
Oh, thank you, San.
How are the sales? Going well?
Less than ideal, I'm afraid.
By that I mean we
don't have any buyers.
Least not yet.
I wonder what's stopping them.
I thought there were some
customers that came in earlier.
Why didn't they buy anybody?
Not to brag, but when
it comes to people,
I have a pretty good
eye for sizing them up.
Every customer so far,
they've only wanted slaves
as disposable tools
and nothing more.
Even buyers that
looked like gentlemen.
[SAN]
Is that right?
[CAMUS] I promised everyone
that I would find them owners
that were trustworthy.
Which means I have to
be kind of selective.
You know, if you keep
talking like that,
you'll fall into debt and
end up a slave, as well.
Well, we certainly can't
afford that to happen.
My grandfather used
to have a saying:
"Someday, the calm will end,
and then the tide
will suddenly turn."
It means you have to wait
for the right opportunity
and never give up.
So when the chance
comes, you grab hold
so you don't miss out.
[SAN]
Master Ginger.
It's the strangest thing.
Despite being a slave,
whenever I'm with you,
I'm almost hopeful
about the future.
[knocking]
[MAN A]
Excuse me!
I heard that you had slaves
here who could read,
write, and do math!
Is this true?
[MAN B]
I need them immediately!
Name your price,
I'll gladly pay it!
[MAN C]
I need some, as well!
Whatever you require,
just tell me!
[MAN D]
Money's no object!
[CAMUS]
How can I help you all?
My dear sir!
The fact is I'm in desperate
need of slaves who can read,
write, and do math.
You've come to the
right place for that.
Every one of my slaves
has learned those skills.
[MAN B]
Every last one?
Are you serious?
Oh, thank heavens!
It's a miracle!
[MAN A]
Outstanding!
Let's discuss the terms
of purchase right away!
It's not as if you're the
only one here worried
--about their territory!
--[arguing]
I'll to have ask you
all to settle down!
Can somebody please tell
me what's going on here?
Now I understand.
Seemingly out of nowhere,
His Majesty made
a royal decree in regard
to evaluating promotion
or demotion of
knights and noblemen.
The process will now begin
including one's ability
to govern their own territory.
At least the king wished
you all good luck.
As for my lord, he believed
there was one path
to getting ahead in life.
Being a nobleman and
taking part in state affairs.
Knights are distinguished by
heroics on the battlefield!
Now the ability to rule
over their own domain
is in question!
In order for one to govern,
office skills are essential!
I must have someone
who's able to read, write,
and perform
mathematical equations!
Well, um...
While I understand your plight,
I have parents
here with children
and a pair of
sisters to consider,
so I would require you
to take on members
of the same family as
part of our arrangement.
You're saying that if we agree
to take families together,
we have priority when
it comes to securing
two or more slaves?
In that case, I'm willing
to take as many as I can!
[MAN C] I already told you,
I get first pick!
[arguing]
Please, everyone, calm down!
All this shouting won't
help the situation!
This place has become
very quiet rather quickly.
Indeed, it has.
The last two, Anzu and Shiho
are with Piltory Saracen.
I'm extremely happy
for both of them.
He promised to set them free,
and he's taking them
as his wives, too.
It's a little hard to believe.
That makes two of us.
So here we are.
I'm the only slave
still in your care.
To be honest, San,
it's not like I made a fortune,
but it was still a tidy sum.
[SAN chuckles]
Well, you spent your
own money on us,
making sure to
provide an education
we wouldn't otherwise receive.
I'm not really cut out
to be a slave trader.
Although now,
I can finally start to think
about a new business.
But if you're going to
change your business,
then what would
that mean for me?
Why don't you sit down?
You must be pretty tired from
having to stand on your feet
all day.
It's out of the question!
I'm only a slave.
I would never dare sit at
the same table as my master.
Oh, really? That's interesting.
Then what would you
say if I ordered you?
If you insist, then very well.
Why don't we take
a little break?
I'm the one who ought to
be doing that sort of chore!
Don't worry.
Call this a small
token of my thanks.
Your thanks?
Yeah. I owe you so much.
If you hadn't had
the courage to speak up
the very first time we met,
I'm sorry to say
I might have let the other
slave traders buy everyone.
In terms of running a business,
it meant turning several
potential buyers away,
but I'm glad I taught everyone
skills that made them
more valuable.
Thanks to His Majesty's order,
it just happened
to work out nicely.
But it all started with you
and the risk you took
to keep the families together.
Perhaps, but we're the ones
who should be thanking you.
For everything that you've done.
You say it was to give us
all more value, however,
you went above and
beyond, Master Ginger.
Not only were you good
enough to have provided us
with brand new clothing,
but somehow
you were able to make this
place feel like our home.
You did all that at
your own expense--
in fact, you even dipped into
your grandfather's inheritance.
Most would never show
slaves that much kindness.
But you did, and I'm
grateful for that.
Listen.
[door opens]
[CAMUS]
Welcome, sir.
What a strange hat.
Is he from the Nine-Headed
Dragon Union?
I've a request.
I am very interested
in purchasing this
particular slave.
[CAMUS] Sorry, you might have
missed the sign outside,
but we are closed for the day.
Oh, do forgive me.
See, I'm so taken by
this raccoon-person slave
I must buy her before
someone else does.
Now, then, whatever is
necessary to acquire her,
just name it.
Naturally, I'm prepared
to pay you more than
her market value.
Afterwards,
I will then release her
of her status as a slave.
I uh, actually, she...
Very well.
And what price would you be
willing to pay for me, sir?
Wait a minute.
As you can see, my master
takes care of his slaves.
They have all been purchased.
Except me.
And as a final act of service.
I request you buy me
at a higher asking rate.
Master Ginger.
I only ask you use the
money to fund your new
business venture.
There's no way I'm letting
him buy you, San!
[SOUMA]
As you wish.
Here's ten large gold coins,
and also 50 standard
gold coins as well.
Will this be a sufficient price?
That is an extraordinary amount.
I agree to the offer.
Glad to hear it.
[CAMUS] That's not something
for you to decide!
I'm sorry, she's not for sale!
I don't care how much
money you have!
She'll serve as an employee
when I start my new business.
Equal to me, and not a
slave to be ordered around!
But Master Ginger.
You'll have to forgive me, San.
Yes, there is a possibility
that you would live
a far better life if
you allowed this man
to take you away from here,
and he obviously comes
from considerable
wealth as well.
The thing is, out of
my own self-interest,
I don't want to let you go.
I want to stay.
I beg you. Keep me here.
Allow me to remain
by your side forever.
San. Of course I will.
Uh...
[chuckles]
Isn't that something.
[ROROA] You see?
Just like Sebastian said.
Quite the fascinating
slave trader, huh?
That's an understatement.
I'm sorry, but what's this?
My deepest apologies.
It was only supposed
to be a test.
I'm confused.
This world is full of people.
Yet someone like you was
hiding right under our noses.
We can't stop searching
for talented personnel.
Wait. Your Majesty?
No formalities.
We three here are incognito.
I've always wanted
to say "incognito"
but never got the chance before.
[CAMUS]
Um, Your Highness.
Do you mind if I ask
why you sought me out?
[SOUMA] Word of your
reputation has spread.
About how you decided
to teach your slaves,
so they would end up in
places that would treat them
with dignity and respect.
Traders around the
kingdom are following
your example now by educating
their slaves, as well.
Oh. They are?
Judging from your reaction,
you didn't realize your
glorious accomplishment.
You ought to be quite proud.
[CAMUS]
I wouldn't say "glorious."
As long as I've been king,
I have been thinking of
ways to abolish the system
of slavery here.
The thing is, if I just made
reforms by royal decree,
it would've only resulted
in societal upheaval.
One wrong move,
and we'd have a civil war.
That's a bit extreme,
don't you think?
Sadly, no.
In the world I came from,
that's exactly what happened.
As a solution, "slavery"
will exist by name alone.
[AISHA]
Wait. You don't mean...
Isn't this the subject you
were discussing earlier with--
with Princess Liscia, yes?
Yes it was, Aisha, education.
You protected the socially
vulnerable and improved
their quality of life.
Guaranteeing them employment.
And as a result, the slaves
will no longer be enslaved.
If that's not glorious,
I don't know what is.
I mean, I couldn't be happier,
but I was just doing
everything in my power
to protect the people
who were left in my care,
Your Highness.
You're exactly the kind of
person that I've been
searching for.
Starting from this point,
I'll be socializing the
slave trade in this country.
Your Majesty,
what's "socializing"?
Slave traders will
become public servants
and we'll have a
screening process.
That's phase one.
I'm also currently in the
stages of constructing
a job training center so
they can find employment
and not be used
as disposable labor.
While I'd like to abolish
the system altogether,
at the present moment,
this will have to do.
So then you're saying...
You're a bit of a slow
learner, aren't you?
The kingdom's adopting
the program you invented.
[SOUMA] This new training
center will need a director,
and I'd like to appoint you.
Me? Are you sure, Majesty?
I can't think of anyone more
deserving of the position.
This money is your reserve fund.
How would you like
to take the gold
and start your new business?
[SAN]
Someday, the calm will end,
and then the tide
will suddenly turn.
It's a deal.
Majesty. I want to do this.